2019-05-19T21:19:18Z	Attended A&E this afternoon in agony, fantastic service from these amazing people,bloods promptly taken and pain very quickly brought under Control, as I suffer with not the best veins a special thank you must go to the member of staff for hitting the target 1st time ,what a shot this man has ??,also a special thank you goes to the doctor for the professional and sensible treatment I received nothing was too Much and always with a smile and joke which always makes you feel better.the NHS comes in for so much unfair criticism these days but I am forever grateful that we have amazing people who do this job and all those at York YDH are a credit to the hospital and to the department.Thank you again ????????	Sounds like you had a magician getting the needle in first time:) Great to hear the staff made you feel as comfortable as they could in the circumstances. A smile goes a long way, doesn't it. I'll pass the comment on to the team and I know they'll be really proud to hear such lovely praise. As you say sometimes there is criticism out there but we know that most of the time we get it spot on. Take care!
2019-05-19T15:29:26Z	went to Wigan hospital yesterday because the 111 team said I needed to be assessed. When I git there I was greater by a snotty receptionist who tepreated me like something she had tried in. I asked how long it would take to be seen and she said there are other sicker people then you in this hospital you will be seen when you are seen. I was going in to talk to the raid team and that's what I get greated with. So in the end I cancled my appointment with the raid team and walked out. I could have been seriously ill for all she knew and was treated like that. I can't fault hoe nice most of the paramedics are and how good the raid team have been with me it's the attitude form that receptionist that let the hospital down.	
2019-05-19T20:23:04Z	I was taken to A&E by ambulance with chest pain. I was seen very quickly and transferred to Liverpool Heart and Chest hospital within an hour. Fantastic life safing visit	We hope that you are recovering well. Thank you for taking the time to leave feedback.Best WishesThe Communications Team
2019-05-19T20:08:43Z	It’s really not acceptable to say you’re updating the website and that’s the reason that opening times of the Haematology Dept are not available. Surely it’s in your best interests (and your patients)to publish these to stop wasted time.	We are always looking fro ways to improve our service so thank you for getting in touch. If you would like to share your thoughts directly and participate in the update of our website please contact me Samantha Whelan Patient Experience Manager directly on 0151 426 1600.
2019-05-19T20:08:42Z	Last year I gave birth to my 2nd son (my first was born up north so this was my first experience at Bedford Hospital) the midwifes were excellent and very supportive. My labour and delivery went very quickly which took everyone by surprise I think. Once he was born someone quickly took him away from me as he didn’t catch his breath for a few minutes the whole team rushed in and got to work on him and whilst I was in a bit of a confused state they revived him and I got to hear that long awaited cry and cradle him. I was very well looked after and the team are extremely dedicated thank you for giving me a much needed more pleasant birthing experience (my first was very long and pretty traumatic)	Many thanks for your lovely words for our maternity team. We are happy that you and baby are well. Do take care of yourself and your new bundle of joy. From Bedford Hospital.
2019-05-19T19:54:46Z	111 advised me to attend urgent care due to rectal bleeding, abdominal pain and black stools... 111 advised that the urgent care team would carry out abdominal x rays or other tests as it was an urgent issue....they initially wanted to send an ambulance but I insisted on making my own way...at urgent care, i was advised to see my gp to be referred for a colonoscopy....this will now result in a further 10-12 weeks wait until I have any testing done.....i am still feeling ill and all over the nhs website it claims rectal bleeding, abdominal pain, black stools are an urgent issue and may be serious....however i now feel there is no hope left and no one cares	Please consider contacting our Patient Advice and Liaison Service (PALS) on 01772 522972, they will be able to liaise with the necessary departments for youPALS are open Monday - Friday from 9-4pm unless a Bank Holiday
2019-05-19T19:35:57Z	I was moved here from the Cramlington hospital for a coronary angiogram. All of the staff here are very friendly, helpful and welcoming and work hard to make a hospital stay as comfortable as is possible. Many thanks to everyone.	Thank you for taking the time to leave your feedback regarding your care at Cardiology, Freeman Hospital. We are pleased that staff were friendly, helpful and welcoming and have forwarded to the directorate concerned, who will share with the staff involved.
2019-05-19T19:33:39Z	Attended walk-in centre on Saturday morning with injury.Registration was prompt and courteous. Waiting area was clean, calm and civilised; other people waiting were all well behaved (this really helps).I was seen quickly by a doctor. The examination was detailed, extensive and thorough. So I had confidence in the diagnosis offered. I left with 1) reassurance that my injury was not major 2) clear guidance on how to achieve recovery 3) a prescription for pain relief when I needed it 4) suggestions for follow-up of underlying problems with my own GP.Really excellent, I could not have wished for more. I hope the extensive notes which were made are available to my own GP practice.	Thank you for your positive comments posted on the NHS website regarding your care at the Walk-In Centre in May. It was very kind of you to take the time to write and compliment the staff as it is good to receive positive feedback that reflects the hard work and dedication of our staff. It was reassuring to read that you were seen quickly and that you felt reassured and left with confidence for your recovery. I can assure you that we have passed on your thoughts to the Lead Nurse and the staff involved.The Patient Experience Team
2019-05-19T18:57:45Z	Today at 3pm I unfortunately had to take my husband to A&E at The Conquest Hospital.The service we received was absolutely impeccable, and I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who was on duty from the very top of the chain down to the car park attendants.You reassured us from the moment we checked in to the moment we left.We noticed that the lead time displayed on the board was 3 hours, but, with 45 minutes my husband was seen by the triage nurse and then sent down to the SAU Richard Ticehurst unit,  where again the service was excellent. All I can really say is don’t waste time reading the silly reviews where people have nothing better to do than complain! Whatever you are doing it works! WELL DONE EVERYONE and a huge Thankyou for your kind, caring and compassionate ways.Great job EVERYONE AT CONQUEST HOSPITAL A&E	Thank you for taking the time to leave us such lovely feedback about your recent attendance with your husband in the Emergency Department at Conquest Hospital; we really do appreciate it. First and foremost, we very much hope your husband is comfortable, and that the symptoms he presented with have been looked into with any follow-up investigations and treatment required now in hand. We also hope that you were looked after by staff at what must have been a worrying time for you too.The Trust works hard to provide a high standard of care for all patients, and so we are delighted to read this was your experience and that of your husband. Additionally, it is assuring to read that staff you encountered at every turn were professional, compassionate and caring as this must have been a source of great comfort to you whilst waiting for your husband to be assessed and treated.Our Emergency Departments regularly see high levels of patients attending with a wide range of illnesses and injuries, sometimes life threatening, and whilst waiting times are unavoidable, we are very pleased to read your husband was seen within 45 minutes of arriving. Emergency Departments do not always receive the positive media coverage they deserve, particularly given they are dealing with many instances of life and death, and so your feedback and support is warmly appreciated; it is something we will share with the staff in the Emergency Department so that they can also be aware of just how much you valued the care they provided.We hope your husband is starting to feel better and wish him, you and your family all the very best for good health and well-being now and in the future.
2019-05-19T19:15:29Z	I was admitted after having a heart attack and within 30 minutes of arriving, by the paramedic's ambulance, was in a bed and wired in to the monitoring equipment. The room was clean and pleasant and I was made as comfortable as possible. All of the staff were  very helpful, kind and considerate and the consultants took pains to explain everything to me as an aware intelligent human being not a 'daft old-age pensioner'. I found this refreshing and very helpful in putting my mind at rest. This is the NHS working at its best. I was especially concerned about my wife not being able to get from Berwick on Tweed so one of the consultants arranged transport from Berwick to Cramlington and phoned her for me. It is the small things like this that make a very good hospital service - and helped me to feel calm. I can't thank all the staff enough.	Dear Mr Hatton, I’m so sorry to hear about your heart attack. What a frightening experience for both you and your wife. It’s great to hear that you got all the urgent help you needed from kind and responsive staff at The Northumbria. Thank you so much for sharing your story with us. Our teams will be very proud to know that you view their care as the NHS working at its very best - above all, they’ll be delighted to know exactly what this meant for you. It was lovely to read about the Consultant doing all he could to keep your wife informed and then ensure that she was by your side at the earliest opportunity. I can appreciate how important that must have been for you both. I hope you are recovering well and that a return home is on the cards for you very soon. I’ll be sure to pass on your excellent feedback to everyone involved in your care - thank you so much for enabling us to do so. with all best wishes, Annie Annie Laverty - Chief Experience Officer
2019-05-19T19:01:59Z	Attended minor injuries unit on recommendation of physio to see a doctor - a very efficient department, x-rays taken nothing broken. Much quicker than trying to see a GP then getting sent for x-rays.	Thank you for leaving feedback, although we are sorry you sustained an injury, the staff at the Minor Injuries Unit will be really pleased to know you had a good experience of their service, as this is what they strive to achieve.With thanks and best wishes
2019-04-27T09:49:55Z	We've been with Avenue House Surgery for about a year now and the experience so far has been very good. Reception staff are friendly and helpful. I've seen a couple of different doctors and they have both been very professional, and prescribed treatment which cured the condition. With the surgery being quite close to the centre of town, parking can sometimes be a pain. It can also take a while to get an appointment (7-10 days), although they sometimes have cancellations if you check online.	We aim to offer routine appointments within a week - but this can fluctuate depending on patient demand and other factors such as GP leave.As a general rule the GP Partners tend to have a slightly longer waiting time. All of our routine GP appointments are also available on line and we encourage patients to use this facility. We have a Physician Associate and Nurse Practitioners who also see minor illness and urgent appointments are always available on the day if needed. I'm glad that you found the reception staff to be friendly and helpful; reception can be a challenging job and the staff try hard to ensure that patients get the care they need within the resources that we offer.Finally thank you for taking the time to leave a review - I do forward them to the team and positive comments are always a great boost to their morale. Best wishes - Laura Gummer - Practice Manager
2019-05-19T18:31:23Z	Thank you soo much to the female doctor  me and my daughter saw on Saturday.She new exactly what the problem was and did a thorough examination unlike the previous doctors . Apparently we can’t post names on here but wish I could as she restored my faith.	Thank you for taking the time to provide such positive feedback. I will ensure your kind comments are passed on to the teams involved in your care as I am sure they will be pleased to read your words of praise. Thank you again for taking the time to write this email.
2019-05-11T12:40:56Z	Springfield Surgery is the very best GP that I have come across in my 70 years on this planet. Unfortunately I am running out of time to complete this review and would like to have an opportunity to finish this review soon. Id like to be part of a team that helps to acknoweledge others as having an intrinsic value and a sense of belonging. and a God given ability to do the works that /God ordained for each of us to achieve before the world began. I am happy for you to either challenge my  views or to help me to evaluate them. I do want to be part of a group  that does value life and other people. that is sadly absent in a lot groups. John Galatia.	
2019-05-11T07:39:38Z	Brilliant service always ready to help in any way possible. Lovely receptionist. Doctor great to talk too..Always get appointment. Would be more than happy to recommend them to my family and friends.	
2019-05-19T16:13:44Z	I visited this practise very recently.The staff is very friendly.The doctors are very professionall and friendly in their attitude towards the patients.Besides, they seem to be very experienced and their knowledge is up-to-date.I would recommend this practise for 100%.	
2019-04-17T17:24:33Z	I have been with this surgery for a number of years, and unfortunately the service continues to go down hill, with only a couple of staff offering a good and polite level of service.The initial answer machine message you have to endure when you first ring through is ridiculously long, then the wait time for someone to answer the phone can be up to 20 minute.The moment that this surgery realizes they are offering a service and therefore a large proportion of their work should be Customer Service the better, and when I say customer service I mean lets try to help, not do part of the job and tell the patient to come in to reception only for the receptionist to have to do the whole task again, how this is good time management I don not know, maybe some customer service training would help, remember we are the client / your customer.This surgery has so many rules of what it wont do, I don't know what it will.	Thank you for your considered feedback. We are aware of the telephone issues and are in the process of upgrading the system to reduce delays. Unfortunately demand is very high especially between 8 and 10am. We note the customer service issue and are always working to improve the service. We are always looking for patients to join the patient participation group (PPG) - if you would like to please contact our Operations Manager Clare Crawshaw.
2019-05-11T08:30:39Z	Knowing I’m just going in for preclampsia was something I can take  , knowing I have a brain tumour something I couldn’t . Each  minute at Queens  is where they should be rewarded. Because the care you recieve is beyond words.My husband has been there for me and even he is surprised what care the hospital is giving me . They are very clear and can tell this is too much information for me but repeat it to my husband every time ..... change of nurses makes no difference as they all know what they are doing to the patient .... I’ve been in Antenatal ward and Sahara B ward as well as some ward I can’t remember the name I was in for 30 minutes and even that was something . Had a lady tell me her experience of a brain tumour and said ‘look after these years I’m fine who would have thought !” Don’t know what’s to come of my condition but Iv put my faith in the doctors . Their beyond your expectation and the best! The team wont have anything negative about them . I was in Operation theatre where they took out baby and then did the eye shunt then decided all at once it should happen ...was a hard thing for me to take as I believe I was hot topic . They all made it as easy for me and thank you.I can’t thank everyone enough ....best experience. The staff for food have all been good to me I really appreciate it all .Every single person . My prayers with you all .I can’t stress enough how you have made me feel as well as my family and friends ... made the experience beyond words and hospital stay  bad at all , how you moved a pregnant lady I won’t ever forget ...Thanky you once again	Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback, I am so pleased to hear that the care you have been provided with is excellent and the team have really looked after you. I will ensure your feedback is passed onto the team so that they know what a fantastic job they are all doing and what a difference they are all making to patients lives. Once again, thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback.Kind RegardsCaroline MooreDivisional Director Specialist Medicine
2019-05-19T13:55:01Z	Waste of time. The surgeon laughed in my face when I asked for help with the pain. He was rude, demeaning, gave the attitude of couldn’t care less and told me to sort myself out with my own GP, I am now my own specialist. Offered no help, reassurance and wanted me out of there as quickly as possible. No care plan, no care. Will never go here again.Do not get a burst disc in your spine in the Salford area.	Dear AnonymousThank you for telling us about your recent appointment.We are very sorry to hear that you experienced such difficulties with your care. We would very much like to discuss these issues with you in further detail in order that we may investigate and respond to your concerns.We would be very grateful if you could contact the Patient Advice and Liasion Service on 0161-206 2003 or email PALs at pals@srft.nhs.uk.Kind regards
2019-05-19T13:34:36Z	On April 23rd my daughter gave birth to a beautiful healthy little boy in the Mulberry birthing suite. The care and attention provided by the midwife and her team was excellent. What happened afterwards was very scary indeed - as the placenta was delivered my daughter suffered a massive postpartum haemorrhage due to uterine inversion. She was rushed to theatre where 3 obstetricians, an anaesthetist and haematologist worked to save her life as she lost a vast amount of blood during the required surgery. The speed, skill and clear thinking of the team were truly remarkable resulting in a successful outcome. My family and I will always be so grateful for the wonderful team at Frimley Park that morning for saving her life. Furthermore, the follow up visits, reviews and discussions by the team during my daughter's stay in intensive care yet again demonstrated what a dedicated fantastic team of medical staff the hospital have. All praise to our NHS who so often do not get the affirmation and recognition they deserve. Thank you everyone who cared for my daughter and little Orlando. She has made a remarkable recovery and enjoying motherhood!	Oh my goodness what a time you and your daughter have had, I am so so pleased that everything turned out ok as unfortunately sometimes it does not. We all at Frimley Health are so pleased that your daughter and Orlando are well and enjoying being a family. All the best. I promise to forward this comment onto the teams...regardsMichelle YouensHead of Patient Experience
2019-05-19T12:49:38Z	I have always received good care at this surgery and have been a patient here for 35 years. I wouldn’t dream of changing.	Dear PatientThank you for your feedback, we are delighted to hear that you have had a positive experience. The practice is delighted to have the honour of caring for you and your family. We hope we can continue to do so for many years to come.Kind RegardsMrs Gill
2019-05-19T12:48:43Z	I would like you to pass our family’s thanks for the care given to our mum Alice Taylor who passed away on 17 May. She was admitted to gate 12 on 6 May and moved to ward 20a on15 May. All the staff from ladies who did their job cleaning her room making sure it disturbed her as little as possible, the ladies who kept us going with tea and biscuits, the nursing staff of all grades (sorry I haven’t put names but they are too numerous to mention) who spoke to her with care, consideration and dignity to doctors, some of who were surprised by mum’s strength to hang on and last but not least Macmillan nurses. I sincerely hope we haven’t forgotten anyone apologies if we have. My sister commented, I am sure she couldn’t have been treated better if she had been the Queen. Again many thanks for looking after mum but also looking after us, the family,too.	Thank you for  taking the time to give us your positive feedback during what must have been a very stressful and difficult time for you and your family.It was humbling to read your kind words and I will ensure that your comments are shared with the ward 20a team. Our staff strive very hard to provide patient centred, compassionate care and it is so kind of you to share your personal experience.Our thoughts are with you all at this very sad time.Kind regardsClare Blackburn(Patient Liaison Improvement Lead)
2019-05-19T11:04:09Z	Staff have always been friendly and helpful, both Nurses and GPs and front of house staff. The surgery is always clean even though it is usually busy in one way or another.	
2019-04-18T13:06:27Z	Since the merger with Park Lane the service at Battle Hill has gone downhill rapidly. Very poor customer face to face service and no privacy at all. Prescription service harder to access and never ready after the two working days have passed.	Many thanks for taking the time to feedback.Firstly my sincere apologies for the delay in responding, I have only just received log on details for the Battle Hill page.As you know Park Road Medical Practice merged with the GP services at Battle Hill Health Centre on the 1st October 2018.The building is owned by Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals.I am sorry you feel you have had poor customer service and no privacy, I would be happy to investigate this further if you could be kind enough to provide me with further details.Managing a prescription service across two sites has had its challenges and the workload for the GPs has been vast.In an attempt to improve this we are working with Pharmacists who are assisting the GPs with the medicine management process in an attempt to improve this service.This has only been in place a few weeks, but we look forward to seeing the improvements.if you would like to discuss this further please don't hesitate to contact me.Many thanksRegardsSandra DowlingPractice Manager
2019-04-17T11:23:46Z	The Wembley practice is good and friendly staff with admin and clinical	Thank you for your positive comments and feedback. We are delighted that we were able to meet your expectations. We welcome the opportunity to receive, review and reflect on all comments to help us improve our service to you and other patients.
2019-05-19T11:44:25Z	I visited Royal South Hants for dermatology for the second time, I was due to be started on medication this visit. The appointment was at 4:50pm and I was prescribed medication as I was told last time would happen- which could only be collected from the pharmacy at Royal South Hants. The pharmacy closed at 5pm, I came out of my appointment at 5:10pm. You would have thought that the pharmacy would be open until all appointments had been completed? I live in the forest and it takes fifty five minutes to get to Royal South Hants and then another fifty five minutes to get back. I am disabled and have to take a taxi there and back. I don't have an appointment to claim for the taxi there and back but how else am I supposed to get the meds? Really poor. Other than this the staff are friendly, little waiting times and felt like I was being listened to. Will contact the cashiers office but please keep the pharmacy open until all appointments have been completed!	
2019-05-19T09:24:29Z	Unfortunately a relative has been sent to the hospital and after a 2hour journey  on ALL occasions I have found the ladies toilets to be filthy and in usable. This weekend they were so bad that I had to resort to doing my insulin injections in foodhalks and corridors. As NO toilets were available  for privacy. They  were that bad I was terrified to walk in them.	Dear Madam,I am sorry to hear this. We do try to keep our toilets up to a clean standard, with regular checks by the housekeeping staff.I wonder if you would mind contacting the PALS team on 0208 869 5118 or LNWH-tr.PALS@nhs.net so that we can better understand your experience and hopefully improve this going forwards.Best wishes,Anjali PatelPatient Experience Manager
2019-05-17T06:08:31Z	I moved to this practice several years ago and immediately noticed a huge positive difference compared with the practice I had left.It's easy to get through on the phone, the GPs and practice nurse are much more proactive, and the whole atmosphere is very professional and caring.Although i've only had a couple of appointments with the GP, on minor issues, the GPs have given me as much information as i required and taken the time to check out that there were no other issues worrying me.It was easy to get my flu jab with the practice nurse, and the nurse ran out to catch me in the car park having noticed that I required a tetanus booster for the work I undertake.I thought this showed how on the ball the practice is.I feel so much more confident with this practice than my previous one.	
